docs/milestone-1/milestone1-sample-brainstorm.md, before:

# Project Brainstorming

Once you are finished brainstorming your project ideas, fill in each of the sections below. You can continually update this project up to the morning of March 10th (the deadline).

**NOTE:** you should delete the initial sentences provided for each section (only include your own writing).

## Purpose

Write 2-4 sentences outlining the purpose of your overall project.

## Subsystems

Each team partner will be responsible for a subsystem of the project.

### Subsystem 1

Write 2-3 sentences outlining the purpose of your subsystem, and how it fits in to the overall project.

#### Devices

List, or put in a table, the devices your subsystem will use. 

For each device, include the Component name, Interface type, and link to any documentation you can find about that device.

### Subsystem 2

Write 2-3 sentences outlining the purpose of your subsystem, and how it fits in to the overall project.

#### Devices

List, or put in a table, the devices your subsystem will use. 

For each device, include the Component name, Interface type, and link to any documentation you can find about that device.

### Subsystem 3

Write 2-3 sentences outlining the purpose of your subsystem, and how it fits in to the overall project.

#### Devices

List, or put in a table, the devices your subsystem will use. 

For each device, include the Component name, Interface type, and link to any documentation you can find about that device.

Commit message:

docs: added purpose and initial subsystems

docs/milestone-1/milestone1-sample-brainstorm.md, after:

# Project Brainstorming

Once you are finished brainstorming your project ideas, fill in each of the sections below. You can continually update this project up to the morning of March 10th (the deadline).

**NOTE:** you should delete the initial sentences provided for each section (only include your own writing).

## Purpose

Our project aims to create a smart doorbell and security system that enhances home security while providing real-time environmental insights. The system features a motion-activated doorbell camera and a smart lock that can be controlled remotely via a mobile app. In addition to security, the app will display key environmental data such as luminosity, humidity, and temperature.

## Subsystems

- Camera
- Motion sensor

### Subsystem 1

Write 2-3 sentences outlining the purpose of your subsystem, and how it fits in to the overall project.

#### Devices

List, or put in a table, the devices your subsystem will use. 

For each device, include the Component name, Interface type, and link to any documentation you can find about that device.

### Subsystem 2

Write 2-3 sentences outlining the purpose of your subsystem, and how it fits in to the overall project.

#### Devices

Temperature, Luminosity, Humidity

For each device, include the Component name, Interface type, and link to any documentation you can find about that device.

### Subsystem 3

Write 2-3 sentences outlining the purpose of your subsystem, and how it fits in to the overall project.

#### Devices

- Lock
- Motor
List, or put in a table, the devices your subsystem will use. 

For each device, include the Component name, Interface type, and link to any documentation you can find about that device.
