docs/milestone-1/TeamContractTemplate.md, before:

# Team Contract Template

This is an informal contract to ensure that all team members have a common understanding of what is expected in terms of work standards, communication, division or work, and conflict resolution.

## Team Members

- Name of member A:
- Name of member B:
- Name of member C:

## Strength & Weaknesses

*Within the context of this project, what are the strengths and weaknesses that each member brings to the team?*

- A:
- B:
- C:

## Definition of “good enough” for this project

*What would the team collectively consider “good enough” of an achievement for the project?*

*(One response for the whole team)*

## Division of work

*How will each member contribute to the project?*

- A:
- B:
- C:

## Frequency of communication

*How often will the team be in touch and what tools will be used to communicate?*

*(One response per team)*

## Response delays

*What is a reasonable delay to reply to messages? Is it the same for weekdays and weekends?*

*(One response per team)*

## Receiving feedback

*How do you prefer to receive feedback? Each member must provide a sample sentence for how they would like to receive constructive feedback from their peers.*

*(If unsure, assume a hypothetical situation such as you have not completed your work in time or you have not replied to a message in a timely manner).*

- A:
- B:
- C:

## In case of conflict

*If a team member fails to communicate as described in this contract or does not respond to constructive feedback, what measures should the other teammate take?*

*(One response for the whole team)*

Commit message:

docs: updated team contract for member a

docs/milestone-1/TeamContractTemplate.md, after:

# Team Contract Template

This is an informal contract to ensure that all team members have a common understanding of what is expected in terms of work standards, communication, division or work, and conflict resolution.

## Team Members

- Name of member A: Timothy Klint
- Name of member B: Joshua Kravitz
- Name of member C: Dylan Savelson

## Strength & Weaknesses

- A: 
    - Strengths: Project managment, backend
    - Weaknesses: Frontend, UI/UX
- B:
- C:

## Definition of “good enough” for this project

Full functionality with a decent yet functional UI.

## Division of work

Subject to change.

- A: Project management, full-stack developer.
- B: Back-end developer.
- C: Hardware developer, UI/UX

## Frequency of communication

Group chat will be utilized over Discord, as well as in-person meetings in class.

## Response delays

1 day.

## Receiving feedback

- A: Hey! I think that this piece of code could use a refactor, or this UI/UX isn't the most appealing, think we could try to rework it.
- B:
- C: 

## In case of conflict

*If a team member fails to communicate as described in this contract or does not respond to constructive feedback, what measures should the other teammate take?*

*(One response for the whole team)*
